Do it.
- You will be doing me a favor.
- We're not here for favors.
Here to punish you.
Come to my home.
You kill my men.
You threaten me. Mutilate me.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
The DNA match is...
You really do want to die.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Whatcha doing here anyway?
- I was worried about you.
- The girl.
What is it? What's going on?
- I need you to drive.
- To drive?
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- All right. please stay away from us.
- It's about your daughter.
You're drunk. Get the fuck out of here!
Hey. give him a chance. all right?
Listen to him. Please.
Your daughter. she always
wear her bracelet on the right.
What?
Does Becky wear her bracelet
on her right hand?
I think so.
In all the photos.
her bracelet always on the right wrist.
When they found her. it
was on the left wrist.
It's a setup. It's all too neat.
Girls are nothing to them.
They killed another blonde girl
and made her look like Becky.
I think your daughter's not dead.
What's the point?
Why would they fake her death?
It's simple.
You kidnap an American girl here.
you have too much heat.
How do you stop people from looking.
but still profit from the girl?
You fake her death. everyone stops looking.
The DNA. it matched.
A man once told me.
everything is for sale in this country.
Don't fight it.
Hey. Doctor.
I believe you know
Mr. and Mrs. Fayden. right?
Please. What's going on?
You look worried.
I don't understand.
Are you sure our DNA
matched the dead girl's?
Yes. of course.
Where's my daughter?
She's dead.
Please.
Who paid you off. you lying piece of shit?
Please. I'm not...
You are gonna tell me.
or I will rip your balls
off right fucking now!
Who paid you?
Stelu. It was Stelu!
Who's that?
I'll explain on the way.
We have to get going.
- Please.
- Shut up.
Hey. kid. It's me.
I need to know what Stelu would want
with a kidnapped American girl.
Yeah. that's what I said. Stelu.
Yeah. and his connection
to whatever that Al Khabiri thing is.
Be careful.
Please.
Even Stelu cannot protect you from me.
Time to go.
Pull!
Hello. Doctor.
What?
I'm sorry. you'll have to speak up.
Your teeth?
I see. That is unfortunate.
No. no. there's nothing to worry about.
I appreciate your honesty.
I'll take care of it.
Your plan is falling apart.
What do you know about a butcher?
Bogdanov said he'll take care of him.
He didn't.
This butcher is now with the parents.
Together. they leaned on the good doctor.
who was indiscreet enough to mention me.
Not good.
Maybe the girl is not worth it.
I could incentivize the
sheik in other ways.
Let me fix it.
You may need to find them first.
If this butcher is local
and he has heard my name.
I'm sure by now he understands
the predicament they are in.
even if the parents do not.
I'll find them.
I'd appreciate that.
Because keeping my name out of this
is more important to me than the girl.
the Al Khabiri deal. everything.
Are we clear on this?
Absolutely.
Pull.
Stelu's official title
is the Deputy Minister of Defense.
But his real job is number two man
at State Security.
The secret police.
Why would they want to kidnap Becky?
That's what I need to figure out.
Can't we go over this Stelu guy's head?
The guy who invited me here
said he knows the prime minister.
No phone calls. no contact with anyone.
But what would they want with us?
Either by bribery or torture.
the doctor told Stelu
his name has been revealed.
He will protect himself at any cost.
- Whose place is this?
- It's a safe house.
My son arrange it until he get clearance
to move you to the embassy.
Look. my daughter is out there.
I'm not gonna be hiding in this house.
I can't protect you
and look for her at the same time.
- Did you ever use one of these?
- No.
I have.
My dad was army.
This is insane. We can't do this alone.
I'm gonna reach out to the police
to see who we can trust.
If anyone besides me or my son
show up here. shoot him dead.
Stelu's people can trace anything here.
So no phone calls.
no contact with the outside. Okay?
Okay.
- Hey. where'd you get those?
- What?
The sunglasses. They're mine.
Mine now.
Wait.
Want them back? What do I get?
No. not the glasses.
Did they keep my other stuff?
You know. like my wallet. my phone.
Some advice. Don't do anything stupid.
They want you pure for some big shot.
But remember.
there's many ways to use a girl
and still keep her a virgin.
- Keep walking.
- You have lost your mind.
I hear you have kidnapped the Faydens.
I'm hiding them. Their daughter's alive.
The doctor faked the DNA.
Stelu's behind it.
Stelu? State Security?
That's ridiculous. Why?
I don't know. I need you to find out.
If you are right.
why the fuck have you involved me?
I have a family too!
You're the only honest cop I know. okay?
Fuck.
- Those your guys?
- No. Stelu's.
Okay. listen. I'll be in touch with you
through my son. okay?
State Security.
Close off the perimeter.
He's on the move. Where is he?
Who?
You don't want to play this game with me.
No games. comrade.
I was simply taking a suspect into custody.
You interfered. he escaped.
And that is what I shall put in my report.
Sorry. Having a bad day.
Thanks.
Shit. They're early.
Idiots.
- Becky?
- Daddy?
Oh. baby. where are you?
I don't know. Some kind of old prison.
Somewhere in the country. Listen.
- Becky. are you okay?
- Are you okay?
No. Yes. No time for that.
I may only have seconds.
I don't know where I am.
but you can figure it out.
Get my computer.
- What?
- Daddy. please do as I say.
I'm calling from my own cell phone.
so you can use the "find my phone"
program on my laptop.
- Get her computer.
- It's on the desktop.
Even if I have to hang up.
you should still be able to track the phone
- as long as it's still powered up.
- Good.
That is brilliant. princess.
You're a genius.
- Are you hurt?
- No. not really. I'm just scared.
Please find me. Daddy.
- We will. sweetheart. we will.
- Mom.
You're gonna be fine. honey. okay?
You're gonna be fine. Hurry.
You know. you're right. princess.
Old people do suck at technology.
Please. please...
- Hurry.
- It's searching.
Someone's coming.
I got it. I got it.
Thank God.
Okay. please hurry. I'll just...
- Becky? Becky!
- Becky? Becky?
No. no. don't!
If you call. the phone will ring.
and they'll find her.
Let me go! Let me go!
Get off of me! Let me go!
Help!
Please!
Thank you. Stelu's guy
traced the kid's call.
We should have the parents' address
in a few minutes.
Good. Send some guys over.
I'll bet you a night with Marina here
they're coming straight to us.
There it is.
Chyornaya 13. it's an old Soviet prison.
It's in the middle of nowhere.
It's almost at the Ukrainian border.
It's gonna take us all night to drive there.
Should we call the police?
Call Gaul.
Let's call him from the road.
You know that name you had me look up?
- Al Khabiri?
- Yeah.
Turns out it's Sheik Muhammad Al Khabiri.
He's the main financier
to the northern Sudanese Army.
Since the new embargo. he's been
shopping for a new weapons supplier.
Now. if you're not touchy about getting paid
in blood diamonds or other conflict minerals.
then the contract is worth a billion.
Maybe more.
So I guess Stelu wants the deal.
Right.
There's still lots of old Soviet arsenal
to be sold off.
Plus. it's a great way
to create jobs right here at home.
Where does the Fayden kid come in?
- Al Khabiri's a collector.
- Girls?
Virgins.
Word has it he's partial to blondes.
American blondes.
The younger. the better.
- So Stelu is...
- He's trying to sweeten the deal.
Bring them the one thing
no one else can deliver.
So they fake the girl's death.
hoping we stop looking.
Right.
So. what's the plan now?
You get to my friend.
the inspector and see if...
Hold on.
Hello?
I'm trying to reach Gaul.
Hold on.
Fayden.
Fayden. Why you using the phone?
Becky called.
- She's at Chyornaya Prison.
- What?
Becky called. She's at Chyornaya Prison.
Can you hear me? Becky called.
Is she okay?
We're on our way there right now.
No. stop! Hello?
Can you hear me?
I think we're on our own.
Yeah. Chyornaya Number 13.
It's an old Soviet prison.
abandoned for quite some time now.
It's about 90 clicks north of here
on the Volga Highway.
Nothing and no one around.
It's a perfect place for traffickers.
Yeah. and ambush. too. Come on. let's go.
Now what?
We have to...
I have an idea. Back up.
Private property.
I'm sorry. I'm really lost.
Is there a phone?
Private property.
Well. I'm willing to pay.
Here.
Sorry.
- American girl. blonde. Where is she?
- No.
You tell me or I will
snap your fucking neck.
4. Building 4.
Did you...
They took Becky.
Take his gun.
Come on.
There's a guard down at the front gate.
Move.
Come on.
Don't move!
Guns on the ground! Now!
Okay. Okay. just don't shoot.
Turn around! Slowly.
We have them. we have them.
Finish it.
- He took Becky that way.
- Let's go.
- Damn it.
- Sorry. boss. we didn't expect the butcher.
Get everyone over there. Finish it.
Get the kid ready to move.
Becky!
Please. please unlock me.
Becky. the American girl.
Have you seen her?
They took her to another building. I think.
- Where?
- Through tunnels. I can show you.
Please let me go.
- Which way?
- That way.
And now they have Tanya.
Are your guys sleepwalking over there?
They are coming our way
through the tunnels.
Cut them off under Building 3.
And get Tanya back in one piece.
She cost me a fortune.
Look out! Gas!
Get back! Get back!
Pasha. cut them off on the north side of 3.
Gavril. come around from south
in case they head for the gate.
Look. There.
They're on the north side.
They're on the north side of 3.
There are cameras everywhere.
Pull the pin.
On my cue. throw hard.
Now!
Fuck. It's the butcher.
He brought a fucking arsenal.
What?
I hear you're having problems.
I'm handling it.
See that you do.
In an hour.
I'll have no choice but to move in
and shut you down officially.
We have an agreement.
The girl. the Al Khabiri deal...
ls getting less tempting as we speak.
I'm getting some very direct pressure
from the American Embassy.
I've got a police commissioner
nosing around in my business.
All kinds of scrutiny
I spend my life trying to avoid.
I can definitely...
So you have one hour
to make this thing go away.
Or I will.
Fuck!
The girl's ready. Are we moving her?
- Kiril.
- Boss.
Keep blocking the exits.
Pull everyone else back.
Get your brother
and take high positions there and there.
I'm not losing any more men.
Pull back. pull back!
They're pulling back.
Something is going on.
- Hello.
- I'm a businessman first.
This whole mess is getting a bit expensive.
I want to trade.
Your daughter for Tanya.
Let me talk to Becky.
You don't make the rules. Mr. Fayden.
I do.
I'm pulling my men back. and in five
minutes you will walk Tanya out.
and I will do the same with your daughter.
We will trade.
They want to trade.
No. I can't go back.
God.
We can't trust him. It's a setup.
Bring her. Quickly.
In position.
Speaker.
Hello?
No!
That was your daughter's pinky finger.
Mr. Fayden.
If you don't bring Tanya out in four
minutes. I'll start carving her tits.
No!
Oh. and one more thing.
Six meters from where you're hiding.
there is a security camera.
Move the butcher there so I can see him.
or else we don't have a deal.
- What can we do?
- Well. we can't just...
We can't just what?
They're torturing my baby!
Please.
I'm sorry. Becky's only 14.
My sister.
My little sister Katya.
She was only 12.
She's the one
they cut up
to make it look like your daughter died.
She did nothing wrong.
She was just the right size. Right hair.
What do we do?
They're setting an ambush.
Do you trust me?
In position.
We're both in position.
- Yes?
- We're coming out.
Good.
One wrong move. and your parents die.
Got it?
Stop.
Switch.
Now!
Take them out.
Take them out now!
Kiril.
Kiril! Gavril!
Gavril!
They're both dead.
Now at this point.
you may be asking yourself
how a man can be
in two places at the same time.
Now that's a very good question.
I used a device called a cycler.
It loops the same image
over and over again on the video feed.
I've found it useful in the past.
Everyone move in.
Take out the kid and the parents. Move in!
Move in now!
Police! Get down. get down!
Police! Lay down your weapons!
This is the police!
Lay down your weapons. or you will be shot!
- These your guys?
- Yeah.
How did you know?
Yes. sir. Thank you. sir.
Will do.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Your son was very persuasive.
The ambassador goes hunting
with the police commissioner.
The police commissioner. whose brother
was once interrogated by Stelu himself.
You did good. kid.
Thank you.
I'm just glad you finally
called the police.
Thank you doesn't seem enough.
Maybe next time you'll buy a steak or two.
Maybe when I come back for the fight.
Okay.
Let's get going.
Yeah. well.
Dad. your ghosts.
they still visit?
Not for a while.
At least. not where I'm working.
Forgive me. Father. I have sinned.
It's been quite a while
since my last confession.
I wonder.
does God really forgive
even our worst crimes?
God might.
I won't.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm